add note in Settings on using WatchFiles on WSL (#1647)
Kludex/uvicorn: docs/settings.md

### Reloading with watchfiles

For more nuanced control over which file modifications trigger reloads, install `uvicorn[standard]`, which includes watchfiles as a dependency. Alternatively, install [watchfiles](https://pypi.org/project/watchfiles/) where Uvicorn can see it.

> Note that if you use Uvicorn through [WSL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Subsystem_for_Linux), for example when running a Docker container on Windows, you have to set the environment variable `WATCHFILES_FORCE_POLLING` to `True`, otherwise reloading will silently fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if you use Uvicorn through [WSL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Subsystem_for_Linux), for example when running a Docker container on Windows, you might have to set the environment variable `WATCHFILES_FORCE_POLLING`, for file changes to trigger a reload.
```

Reviewer: You might also want to add a like to watchfiles' docs https://watchfiles.helpmanual.io/api/watch/

> Using Uvicorn with watchfiles will enable the following options (which are otherwise ignored).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using Uvicorn with watchfiles will enable the following options (which are otherwise ignored).

```
😅 
<img width="809" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7353520/190204269-1d2b8b8f-3699-4961-bb80-b96452a25632.png">
